DRAFT: config file in nnpackage (#5011)
Samsung/ONE: nnpackage/spec/10_packaging_and_manifest.md

nnpackage
├── custom_op
├── metadata
│   ├── MANIFEST
│   └── config.cfg
└── mymodel.model
```

- `mymodel.model` is a model file that has computation graph and weights.

> - `config.cfg` is a configuratin file that has parameters to configure onert.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `config.cfg` is a configuration file that has parameters to configure onert.
```

`patch-version` is the patch version of `nnpackage`.

#### config

> `config` is configuration file name placed in `metadata` folder. Value can be empty or attribute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`configs` is an array of configuration file names placed in `metadata` folder. Value can be empty or attribute
```
